# Richard Williams

## Contact Information

- **Address:** 3665 Margaret Street, Houston, TX 47587
- **Email:** richardwilliams@gmail.com
- **Phone:** 770-625-9669

## Professional Summary

Technical Business Analyst with 7 years of experience supporting eCommerce retailers and developing innovative solutions. Possess a degree in Business Administration and certification in Business Analysis. Proven track record of saving retailers $500K annually through strategic solutions and gap analysis techniques. Thrive in multicultural environments and have contributed to the global growth of employers.

## Professional Experience

### Giant Co, Boston

**Business Analyst**

*September 2019 - Present*

- Develop business architecture using requirements, scope, processes, alternatives, and risks.
- Analyze clients' business requirements and processes through document analysis, interviews, workshops, and workflow analysis.
- Liaise between business and technical personnel to ensure mutual understanding of processes and applications.
- Redesigned customer communication and fulfillment protocols, increasing customer satisfaction rates by 35% and saving the company $500K annually by reducing refund requests.
- Conduct 5 levels of testing including functional, regression, user acceptance, integration, and performance.
- Featured in a major trade publication for innovative business analysis techniques that significantly improved company processes.

### Quality Solutions Inc, Boston

**Business Analyst**

*July 2014 - August 2019*

- Engaged clients to gather software requirements and business rules, ensuring alignment with development teams.
- Facilitated monthly meetings with clients to document requirements and explore solutions.
- Completed in-depth analysis of business processes, boosting revenue by 15%.
- Evaluated risks related to requirements, implementation, testing processes, project communications, and training, saving the company an average of $5,000 annually.
- Translated stakeholder requirements into 10 different tangible deliverables including functional specifications, user cases, user stories, workflow/process diagrams, and data flow/data model diagrams.
- Authored several scholarly articles on business analysis and process optimization, published in professional journals.

## Education

### Cowell University, Chicago, IL

**Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration**

*Concentration in Finance, Honors: Cum Laude, GPA: 3.84*

*June 2014*

## Skills

- Familiar with Agile software development
- Expert knowledge of SQL and relational database management systems
- Skilled in Wrike and AtTask project management software
- Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Visio)

---
