# Alexis Stanley

## Profile

Passionate and experienced lactation consultant with five years of experience helping women succeed in their breastfeeding journeys. Dedicated to promoting awareness of the importance of breastfeeding and committed to providing clients with the necessary education and resources to reach their breastfeeding goals. Adept at coordinating lactation services in maternity settings and serving as a consultant to medical professionals and patients.

## Employment History

### Lactation Consultant, Radcliffe Medical Center, Radcliffe
*May 2015 - April 2022*

- Worked with pregnant women and new mothers to educate them on breastfeeding and mother-infant nutrition.
- Performed daily lactation visits to provide instruction and support to new mothers.
- Served as an important resource for medical staff in the maternity ward.
- Developed individualized breastfeeding plans for patients.
- Assisted mothers dealing with lactation-related problems due to cesarean deliveries, NICU assignments, mastitis, and breast engorgement.
- Held breastfeeding workshops at the medical center.
- Provided new mothers and families with resources and follow-up support regarding progress.
- Created and distributed quarterly breastfeeding newsletters containing pertinent information and lists of resources for mothers and families.

### Lactation Consultant, Auburn Midwives Center, Auburn
*June 2010 - April 2015*

- Served as a consultant and mentor to expectant and new mothers choosing to breastfeed their infants.
- Provided patients with knowledge regarding the benefits of breastfeeding and fundamental aspects as well.
- Worked one-on-one with patients who needed to address breastfeeding concerns.
- Made home visits to new mothers experiencing feeding difficulties and offered ideas, techniques, solutions, and remedies.

## Education

### Master of Science in Nursing, Frontier Nursing University, Hyden
*August 2007 - May 2010*

### Bachelor of Biology, University of Rhode Island, Kingston
*August 2003 - May 2007*

## Details

- 300 Mayflower Road, Radcliffe, IA 50230, United States
- 515-732-7162
- alxis18@xstangmail.com

## Skills

- Advanced breastfeeding knowledge
- Lactation nutrition
- Prenatal and postpartum care
- Excellent communication skills